Hello legends. In this video, I'm going
to turn you into a master of claude code
agent teams. So, as you know, we
recently got the Opus 4.6 model and with
it, we got a brand new feature called
agent teams. We're going to start with
an overview of what agent teams is and
how it's different to using sub aents or
even just a default mode of claude code.
We'll then make sure that you're
correctly set up, including that you
have the latest version of claude code,
so you can access all the models, that
you have all the correct settings and
configurations, so you can actually
access the agent team mode. And then I'm
going to show you something called
TeamUx, which is an easier way for you
to actually manage and interact with
your different agents on a team. We'll
then take a look at session management
because it's a very specific way to
actually spool up your agent team to
then manage and interact with it. And
that's where that T-max thing comes into
play as well. And then finally, a
specific way to actually shut down the
team, then close all the tasks that
you're working on. And then at the end
of the video, I'm going to show you how
to use the claw code skills to actually
make it easier for you to manage future
teams. So now that we have agent teams,
there's actually three different ways
that you can use claude code. The
original way, the very first way to use
claude code was in the default mode. So
the default mode is where you open up a
new terminal, you launch claude code,
and you have a conversation for one of
the claude models. You can do things
like write code, debug code, do web
search. So now technically speaking,
everything you can do in agent team mode
and sub agent mode, you can also do on a
default mode. The biggest difference is
in how the session is managed. So in
default mode, you have one session. In
sub agent mode, you have one session,
but then in agent team mode, each of
these little guys actually has their own
session. And this is incredibly
important because when you're using
something like default mode, you already
know this, right? There is a certain
amount of tokens that you can consume
for that specific session before the
model starts to hallucinate, before it
starts to lose track of what you were
speaking about earlier in a
conversation. And that's why people have
all these like tips and tricks about
having dedicated MD files, skill files,
memory files, so you can kind of
maintain the context across longer runs,
longer sessions where there's more and
more tokens going into the bag. So for
default mode, what actually happens is
if you give like a really big code base,
it's very difficult for this agent to be
able to look at all the different points
of that codebase. And therefore what
anthropic says is that these models tend
to gravitate towards one specific area
and kind of get like tunnel vision and
only focus on that one area. So this is
now starting to like tell us when we
should be using these different modes.
So for default mode now that we have
these other two modes really this is
like your general like uh system admin
panel. You can kind of come into here.
Really the main use case for this now is
to choose your model that you're using,
figure out what skills you have, set up
the project, figure out like what sub
aents you want to have, what your team's
going to look like and kind of use it as
a control panel. So now we come to sub
agent mode. What's the use case here?
Imagine you have a security company and
you have a control room in a very big
tower and everyone's inside that control
room and you have these monitors on a
wall and you're kind of watching what
each monitor is showing and there's like
a breach in one of the rooms. Well, what
you do from the terminal here, from this
thing, is you take one of these agents
and you say, "Hey, agent, you go down to
the third floor into that fifth door and
go into this room and then investigate
this issue that we see on the screen."
The agent will then go away, go down the
elevator, take the stairs, turn left,
speak to five people, go into that room,
figure out the issue, come back,
elevator, stairs, then come back to the
control room, and just give you the
summary. Okay, I fixed it. you know,
Bart was running around and I told him
to sit down and all the additional like
the many steps in between completing
that task, we don't actually get back in
that control room. So, the value here is
if you have something like a codebase
and you only have an authentication
method using password and email, in this
case, you might spool up a sub agent to
just go away and add the additional
functionality of using Google to sign
into your app as well. So, like we said
before, we still only have one main
session over here. So then the value of
this is the way that you actually
conserve the tokens for your primary
session because you know these models
don't have an infinity capacity to have
these tokens. That's the reason why
these sub agents actually go away and
instead of giving you all that feedback
that he turned left, he turned right
spoke to five people. What did they say?
He just gives you the ultimate output
which is I went to this place, I
completed the task and it's done or
actually I went there and I couldn't
complete it. Now we have a new issue.
Gives it summary back into the main
context to preserve the overall context
of this session. That's why these sub
agents are different in that way. So now
when it comes to agent team mode, so
let's imagine you actually have this big
tower, right, of of like 10 levels and
there's 10 rooms per level. Agent teams
mode is like you are the security
company coming into this tower and you
have a task from the terminal which is
go into this building and then like do
the do the full security for this
building. We have an event tonight. We
need to fully secure every single floor,
all the ins and outs. When people come
in, we have to scan there, make sure
everything's good. we need to fully run
the security operation. So then in any
security team, you have the team leader
who understands the assignment and then
delegates the work. The team leader
figures out the plan which is therefore
like the the plan for the actual session
and then the prompts that he gives to
each agent and the prompt is like the
instruction that he gives and this
person might have to go to the left side
and do the first three floors and then
this person might have to go to the
right side and do the next three floors
and each person has their own delegated
work. Now, the interesting thing is that
in terms of like having this security
team, what you need to do is you have to
be able to get your walkie-talkie and as
the team leader say, "Hey guys, is
everyone at the location? Cool. We can
start the event." And when you're
actually at these events, you might say,
"Hey, I'm on the floor six. There's
someone that's doing something bad. He's
coming down the floors. So, hey teammate
A, be ready for this next person that's
going to come into your area very soon."
And that communication actually helps
you be more effective in the overall job
of security for this building because
you can communicate and say there's
there's a specific issue happening in
this area. Please be notified, please
prepare for or like come and help me fix
this. So just a few moments ago, I
mentioned how when you have default
mode, you only have one agent. And the
one of the biggest issues with agents in
general or LLM in general is that in a
single session, they typically gravitate
towards one specific area. And once
they're there, it's very hard for them
to kind of come back out of that area.
Which is why you might notice that you
have like that yes man syndrome when
you're in something like chat GBT or
claude where whatever idea you say
typically get echoed back to you and
then it's very difficult for you to get
new ideas outside of that original idea.
So the advantage of teams is that you
still get the exact same thing. Like
each agent that you have typically
gravitates towards one specific area,
but since you have multiple like
possibility for multiple different
agents to spool up for that one problem
that you want to do, for that one code
base that you want to investigate, for
that one feature that you want to add,
you can actually deploy each of these
agents and tell them you look at this
from the left side, you look at this
from the right side, and you go upstairs
and you look at it from the top down.
And the cool thing is you don't actually
have to manage all those different like
points of view and context because the
team leader takes your problem,
understands it, and then spools up and
gives the appropriate context to each of
these sub agents so that on the outset
you actually get the 360deree report
returned to you. So now at this stage
we've got a pretty good idea of the
three different modes for clawed code
and we're beginning to understand the
strengths and weaknesses of each of
those different modes. So now let's go
into the setup and just make sure that
our environment is ready to use all the
new features. So the first thing we want
to do is make sure we have the latest
version of Claude installed on our
system. To do that, let's just open up a
terminal and type in claude update and
hit enter. Claude will then check for
updates and then it'll either update for
you or it will just confirm that you are
on the latest version. So now for the
T-max and configuration, I asked Chat
GPT to help me with the instructions of
how to set this up. So T-Max is just a
way that you can create separate windows
in your terminal so that you can
actually view each of those independent
agents. Imagine you're running
interviews and you have five people in
the same room speaking to at the exact
same time. You're trying to speak with
each of them and interview them. It's
just impossible. There's too much noise,
too many conversations. So, the better
way to do this is to get a separate room
for each person. So, you can kind of go
in there and just peacefully be able to
say, "What are you working on? What are
you doing? Here's the updated
instructions." So, T-Mox is like setting
up rooms for each of your agents. So at
any stage you can just take a screenshot
of the screen and then send across to
your chat GBT or claude and ask it to
help with specific instructions for your
setup. But for example for me I'm just
going to take this I'm on Mac. So by the
way Timox is not going to work in
something like VS Code or cursor. It has
to be in your core terminal. So I'm
going to paste that command into here.
So I already had T-Max installed. So the
process was very quick for me. But this
will typically take like a minute or two
to just install on your machine. So now
with T-Max installed there's actually
two different ways that you can manage
agents. The first is that you have this
in process which is where you have that
one terminal and then all the agents are
literally speaking in that one terminal
like having that one room and it's so
noisy. Well, the second way is to have
these split panes and a split panes is
what you need t-mucks for which is
having all those separate rooms. So, we
just need to add that setting into our
configuration file which is going to be
this t-m split panes to true and in that
same file we're also going to be sending
claude code experimental agents to one
which is just the other configuration
that we need to enable agent teams. So,
we're just going to copy this entire
command and then paste it into the
terminal. We're going to hit enter. So,
now we've just updated the settings.json
to enable agent teams and also give
separate rooms to each of those teams. A
quick note here that this is actually
going to be your global configuration.
I've decided to do this because I
actually just want to have agent teams
ready across all of my sessions with
Claude. So, instead of me just like
closing my terminal, starting a new one,
having to change the configuration
again, I've just done it globally for
all of my sessions. So now before we
launch Claude code, the first thing we
need to do is start a T-max session. So
I'm just going to copy this command. Now
once again, don't just start a new
claude session by typing the claude
command. We first need to start a new
T-mark session. So we're going to paste
this command into here. Hit enter. And
now we are prepared to create all those
different rooms for agents. So now we
can come back and start Claude. I'm just
going to start mine with the dangerously
skip permissions. Let's accept this
security warning. And now we are logged
into Claude. So, at this stage, we've
done the overview and we've done the
setup. Now, let's take a look at how to
manage sessions. So, the first thing we
want to do is actually go into our
models and make sure we're using the
correct model. So, we have the OP 4.6
model. And I'm pretty sure this first
one here is the 200,000 token context
model. Then you have the second one,
which is the 1 million token context
model. So, with that 1 million token
context model, what's really happening
is that for the first 200,000 tokens,
you're technically using that original
model. you're getting charged the
regular rates, but then for anything
above 200,000 tokens, you get the
premium pricing, which is the $10 and
$3750 per million input output tokens.
And then for Opus, you also have the
effort toggle where if you click left
and right, you can actually go from low
effort to medium to high. And then we
have the explanation of all the effort
levels here. So low is the most
efficient and it has some capability
reduction. So it's going to be a little
bit like not as smart or not as capable,
not as good. Then you have medium for a
balanced approach and moderate token
savings. And then high which is the
basically like the best for complex
reasoning, difficult coding problems.
And then for absolute maximum
capability, it's only for the Opus 4.6
model. And this is like putting the foot
to the floor and just like letting go of
the steering wheel and then like let's
see what happens. So my recommendation
is just to start with the regular Opus
model and go all the way to low effort.
Then as you run into like speed bumps
and issues or as you figure out when
you're deploying agent teams which model
is better to use, you can just toggle up
the effort, go into the next opus mode,
start from low and then go medium and
then high. So let's go to opus. Let's go
to low. Now that we have the model set,
it's time for us to actually start a new
agent team. And anthropic tells us
specifically that we must tell Claude to
create an agent team. In all the
examples that it give us, it always says
create an agent team. Sometimes it says
create three different team members that
focus on A, B, and C. Or sometimes it
just says create the agent team and kind
of like figure out yourself where to
deploy those agents. So to touch on how
these agents work together, a little bit
on memory and also a little bit on task
assignment. When you enter a command
into here to basically say, hey, create
me an agent team. What you get is you
get a team leader that takes your
request and then it determines, okay,
what are the what's the job to be done
here? What are the different tasks that
we need to complete? and what are the
different prompts that we need for each
of these agents. So when when they
actually decide that the team leader
will generate a certain amount of
context and like information as part of
the instructions and prompt for each of
these guys but technically actually not
even technically just truly what happens
is these guys do not get access to the
entire conversation thread. So if you're
here having the like a default
conversation, you kind of start here.
You're just chatting for like 10, 20, 30
minutes. You're doing a bunch of web
searching. You're doing a bunch of like
understanding a certain codebase. When
you go to your agent team mode, you
actually want to deploy get your MD file
set up and then get the agent from the
default mode to actually provide the
correct context for whatever session
you've correct you've already had so
far. So that when it distributes the
work to the team leader or so teammates,
it can just tell them and instruct them
and say read the MD file, understand
what the context is and then here's your
specific task as well. So then you can
go away and do your task but have the
additional context. So just be mindful
these guys do not get the all the
context from the original conversation.
Now, the next thing you might not know
is when the team leader creates the
tasks, it depending on how they actually
structure the team, there is a list of
tasks that have to be completed. And
sometimes it's like a free-for-all,
like, hey, here's your four or five
tasks. You two guys work on these five
tasks. And um one issue that you might
think would happen is if I finish my
task at the same time that you do, we
both reach for the next task. How do we
know that we're both not wasting tokens
working on the same task when it's
already being taken care of? So, um
Anthropic actually takes care of this.
They have like a race condition check in
place that basically whenever I take the
task if I'm just incrementally faster
than you, it's already blocked off. You
cannot take it. Therefore, we don't
double use tokens on the same tasks. The
one final thing I want to mention, and
this is actually a token saving
strategy, is when you're first building
out your team and you give the prompt to
your team leader to create you a team
with four agents that's going to
refactor these modules, you can also
define which model you want to use for
those team members, which in this is
actually pretty good because instead of
using the Opus 4.6, 6 which is the most
expensive model. Sometimes if you don't
need the best model for a specific task,
you can just say use a use a lower model
which is cheaper for you but you will
still get the correct outcome that you
need. So you don't actually have to only
use the opus 4.6. So now for our
example, we're not going to be doing
anything with code. I'm actually going
to be deploying a team of researchers to
understand a specific topic and give me
some recommendations. So I've just
created a prompt using some of the
strategies that we were just speaking
about. I'm specifically saying to create
an agent team. I'm then giving my uh my
problem that I want to research and I'm
also defining two different agents that
I want to create and then giving the
team leader some freedom to uh figure
out some opposing angles or that we want
to investigate. Finally, I'm also
defining that be using Sonut for all the
agents. So now let's fire this off and
we're not going to be splitting up our
windows just yet because we have teams
enabled. The first thing that has to
happen is the agent has to the team
leader has to identify all right what's
this request about what do we need to do
define the tasks that have to be
completed then define the prompts and
then go and establish each of those
agents only at that moment when the
agents are up and running will then we
go into this split view of different
windows. Nice. Look at that. So we're
spinning up our first agent in this
split view. Looks like we have our
second agent in the second split view.
Okay. So we spled up our fourth agent.
Is this going to be the final one? 1 2 3
4 5. There might actually be five
different agents we're spooling up. So,
it's a little bit hard to see. So now at
this stage, we see all of our agents on
this right hand side panel. And we can
just drill into one of these agents and
just have a conversation with them as
well. So over here we have the SAS AI
adoption. And if I type on my keyboard
like, hey, how are you going? I can hit
enter and then I can get a response back
specifically from this SAS AI adoption
agent. Now, as we just saw, we had four
different panels of teammates working.
If at some stage you have like four
agents working and you realize that one
of the agents doesn't need to keep
working and you want to save those
tokens, you can go to the team leader
and ask them specifically using the
agent's name and just say, "Can you
please shut this specific agent down?"
So, the team leader will then send a
request to the agent. Most of the time,
the team the teammate can approve that
and then gracefully shut down. But if
they are working on something that's
like mission critical or they believe
it's mission critical, they can reject
the claim or the the request with an
explanation. So then the final stage of
working with an agent team is that um
this is actually done automatically by
the team leader. But basically the team
leader goes through all the agents, make
sure all the tasks are complete and then
they finished working and then they'll
just like close down the team so we can
shut down all the shared resources.
Essentially closing down all those
separate sessions then bringing
everything back into just one session.
And that's what we saw happen over here.
So the team leader actually went away
and shut down and cleaned up all those
agents. Now this for this research use
case this is an easy like a easy
shutdown. It just closes the entire team
down for applications for like coding,
creating apps, refactoring, debugging.
Typically the team leader will leave
either the entire team or certain agents
up and idling. So instead of just
closing everything up when a task is
complete, they'll actually wait for you
to come back, give the final test, and
then just say, okay, you can close the
team down or please, you know, go back
to the QA agent and just make them
recheck this part because it's actually
still broken. Or please go back to the
backend agent, tell them to fix this
part cuz it's still broken. And that's
important because you maintain like that
backend agent maintains the context of
what they were working on and all the
different changes, all the different
issues they ran into. So they should be
able to just jump back into the project
and fix whatever you're telling them.
And that's important because you don't
want to lose their specific context
anyway. Now another strategy for
maintaining memory between each of these
sessions like this as well. Like for
example, if I fully shut down this team
and we were doing working on some kind
of code, you could create a shared
memory MD file where you get all the
agents to log all their issues like all
the bugs they ran into and all the all
the stuff they've tried to debug to that
stage or if they have debugged basically
like a running list of all the issues
and fixes that they've had. So if you do
spool up other agents for different in
the same session or different sessions,
you can just reference that memory file
basically longterm persistently through
different sessions. And now at this
stage, I just want to go through and
look at the cost of the session that we
just ran. And it looks like it was $1.15
to run all those agents to do that
research across a 4minute duration. So I
think something actually happened here.
This is not 100% correct. Typically when
you're running multiple different
agents, their API duration will
compound. So if you have five agents
running for 5 minutes, it'll typically
say 25m minute duration. Here these
agents were not running for that short
amount of time. for example, worked for
5 minutes and 33 seconds. So something
here is not fully lining up. But in
general, you should just be going to
your cost tab after each session or
after each agent spool up and spool down
just to see what it's costing you. So
you can kind of be smarter for next time
with your prompting or your model
selection. So at this stage, we've
looked at how to start up a team where
we have to specifically say we want a
team of agents. We can define a
different model that we want. We also
looked at different management. So
instead of just looking at all the
agents basically in that same room, we
split them up into separate rooms. we're
able to see what they're working on.
We're able to communicate with them
directly as well. And then finally,
looking at these shutdown principles
around cleaning up certain agents if we
don't want them to keep working, but
then also shutting down the team
gracefully and clearing up all the
resources. So now, interestingly, the
final thing that I want to go across is
just looking at skills and how can you
use skills to improve how you run teams.
So, as you guys know, a skill is just a
way that you complete a repeatable
process. And for my own workflow with
agents, I'm actually finding that I'm
getting them to complete the exact same
thing just on different topics. So, for
example, I've got a very specific way
that I like to do research. And instead
of me just prompting up every single
time the entire research process, I can
just turn this into a skill. And the
best way that I found to create skills
is not to just write it from scratch and
upload it and kind of just go with it
blindly. It's to actually complete the
skill as a process first using Claude
Code and then get Claude Code to create
that skill for you. So in this example,
we had a very basic process. I literally
just said, "Create a research team." I
didn't even read the results, but
typically what you would do is you would
go back and forth and say, "I'll
actually research this part of the
thing, or can you now convert the output
into a PDF, or can you send me an
email?" Once you run through that entire
process, you can just create a prompt
like this that says, "Turn whatever we
just did into a skill." And you can also
define that you want to have different
variables in that skill. For example,
for our research skill, we want to have
a different topic and maybe a different
model that we use depending on the
research that we're doing. So, you can
just go away and hit enter. And now,
Claude's going to take this specific
process and then store that skill in our
repository. So now another hack when
you're doing skills is that every time
you actually run the skill, if there is
an update to the process that you want
to make, you can just go back into
Claude and just reprompt and say, "Hey,
this new adjustment to the process, how
we're using fewer agents, more agents,
or instead of sending emails, now we're
doing Slack, can you please go back and
update the skill and it can just keep it
up to date for you." So now looks like
Claude has created that skill for us,
added it to our directory, and now we
can just do forward slash and hit
research to use that skill. We're using
argument for the topic and then model
for the agent model. And then we got a
very easy explanation of how to use that
skill. So we can either just use
forward/ressearch why is bitcoin
dropping to run with the sonnet agents
or to override the model you can say why
is bitcoin dropping using haik coup. And
now in order for us to use that skill we
cannot do it in the exact same session.
That's why we don't see it coming up
over here. So we just start a brand new
claude session. Let's hit enter forward
slash research. And here is that skill.
And let's just test it out. So why is
Bitcoin dropping? Hit enter. And because
I didn't actually launch this in T-Max,
we're not going to see the split panel
for all the agents, but we do have the
skill being used. So, launch a multi-
aent research team to investigate why
Bitcoin is dropping. So, just like
before, we had the evidence gatherer, we
had the bull case, bare case, and now
two opposing different agents that we
can use. All right, guys. Thank you very
much for watching. I hope you can now go
away and use agent teams even better.
See you in the next one.